Update FW to 1.2.4 (#503)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

## 4.3.0 - unreleased

### Changed

> -   Updated PPK 2 Firmware to 1.2.4: LDO offset calibration data is now applied
>     properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Updated Power Profiler Kit 2 firmware to v1.2.4. In this version, the data for the LDO offset calibration is now  applied
    properly.
```
